= pcaprub

This goal of this project is to provide a consistent interface 
to LBL's libpcap packet capture library. This project was created 
because the currently available ruby-pcap library is poorly designed 
and has been unmaintained since 2000. This does not provide packet 
processing functionality, it simply provides the interface for 
capturing packets. For packet processing capability.

Requirements:
  libpcap - http://www.tcpdump.org

== Installation  

  gem install pcaprub  

== Usage

 require 'rubygems'
 require 'pcaprub'
 
 cap = PCAPRUB::Pcap.new

== Current Repository for Gemcutter source

The Git Repo on Github @shadowbq is forked from the Metasploit SVN repo
  git clone git://github.com/shadowbq/pcaprub.git

== Notes on 11.x series and beyond.

The gem is now a module. The module is autoincluded, but this helps with name collisions and additional growth.

Some of the Error handling and basic intensive code is moving out the C base-extension (ext) and into native Ruby.

The file handling in dumper is now attached to the Capture Class and not the Module as an additional singleton.

  capture = PCAPRUB::Pcap.open_live('eth0', SNAPLENGTH, true, 0)
  capture.dump_open('./Example.pcap') 
    { ... }
  capture.dump_close
    
=== Notes on other repositories

The Metasploit Project also provides a Subversion repository: (0.9-dev)
  svn checkout http://metasploit.com/svn/framework3/trunk/external/pcaprub/

Packetfu Project also provides a listing (0.9-dev) 
  http://code.google.com/p/packetfu/source/browse/#svn/trunk/pcaprub_linux
  
The Outdate RubyForge svn version can be obtained from Subversion: (0.7-dev)
  svn checkout http://pcaprub.rubyforge.org/svn/trunk/
  http download Public Rubyforge (0.6)

SourceForge Masaki Fukushima 2000 (0.6) -- Object Creation Heavy Implementation
  http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/rubypcap/
  
Additonal Github Repos
  github.com/dxoigmn/pcaprub (0.8-dev)
  github.com/spox /pcaprub-spox  (0.8-dev+)
  
